today at simferopol view was hast 2
mass promotions 1 hour but one on pit
the market for protest felt boots suddenly she is over 6
Vlava accustomed to the guarantor took and
main square at their place
opponent we were Crimean Tatars won and
climbed abel representation
the president of militia surrendered things and and
here and there bo people could rule and
mass wheelbarrow main square
Simferopol took and really days of power from
militia bunks for three thousand people
Crimean and sprat water in standing and
previous but would you merge your beatings
Vanya alone talked about the width of fascism
inci prose thunderstorm split Ukraine
I fought not only in Afghanistan
Yugoslavia and Ukraine now
the scenario of Yugoslavia unfolds where
there was one people while three religions
I am against nationalism because we are
we live in the multinational Crimea
Mayzhe hundreds of logging weight banners
blocked their food happy Crimea ministers
u such way antimaydanovtsy defended and
we will love for x plan she's true for now
still on the room they tons I drove
seize the authorities it is absolutely
immoral
it should not be normal people
must all get up so we got up and
maintain the power which
now guides us come choice and here
then
to re- elect antimaydana simferopol -
what but people sent the hair froze on
that place in places
more radical
rally hit boxes and bills
representation of the president at the Crimea here
and the Crimean Tatars came small people
protest and on the main square of the place
he changed the numbers and in a day about
provocations I Crimean policy in bast shoes
Liman politicians today would like to here
there was a little bit of such a mess we don’t
gave such a possible rally participants
condemned and condemned now
dispersal of demonstrators in Kiev and zapenili
not flowed bears so much and in the Crimea
so here it is netware lite right
the right to extend and that human rights activists
our police so that she really
defended the people and did not go against
people can't do that
deceive people and beat students of children
send you so barbarians that
dressed
even the teeth are protected and simple
people beat opponents and teeth rallies so
and did not shoot himself also had to from without
jokes